# Mutation Testing Automation using Java Assist
The main program to launch application is in src/main/java/nl.tudelft.jpacman/Launcher.java

Gradle and SBT builds: Both Gradle and SBT builds have been included in the project

Application Run Using Gradle: 

Gradle Build - Type “ Gradle build ” to build Gradle. 

Gradle Tasks:  
Run OriginalApp task – Runs the original application.
Run Mutate task- Mutates the original class files (also the task depends on Run Original jar task).
Run MutatedApp task - Runs the mutated jar files
Comparator task -  which invokes the comparator class and displays the error line which causes the application and therefore build to fail.

Gradle Run: To run the original jar file and mutated jar file type in gradle runMutatedApp --continue comparator
This will execute the run original app task, run mutated app task and generate logging text for both the runs.
Also, it will run a comparator task to compare both the text files generated by running original jar and mutated jar

The build fails because the of difference in mutated class file and original class file (Screenshot attached below).We can see that the operator is changed from == to != which causes application to throw exception, however the trace of the application is captured till it throws the application

Mutations Implemented: ( the mutations are implemented on all the class files). 
1. Encapsulation – AMC
2. Polymorphism - IPC – Explicit call of a parent’s constructor deletion:
3. Arithmetic Operator Mutation
4. Relational Operator Mutation
5. Logical Operator Mutation
6. Conditional Operator Mutation
7. Shift Operator Mutation
8. Assignment Operator Mutation

Java Assist: *\src\main\java\JavaAssistManipulator.java
This program creates the mutated class files using parsed programs and implements mutations.
Text Files: 
*\.trace.txt – Generated by running the original application
*\MutatedTrace.txt – Generated by running the Mutated application
*\traceComparison.txt – Generated by running the comparison module.
